It what does a guy and what KMAX are now in this video you'll be working for the coupon.
OK so the coupon will work is that if you want to run a sale or if you want to deduct the tax or if
you want like free shipping or something like that then how we can do that.
OK.
So let's just go to dashboard right here and I just want to create a coupon.
So let's just go ahead let's just create a coupon and then we'll be opening this whole Web site and
the private tab and then we'll work.
OK.
So let's just go to the Commerce and then we have to go to the coupons right here OK.
And then here we need to create a coupon that will be applied to all of the products.
OK.
So let's just wait till this is done.
What I have to do I haven't just said ad coupon and you can see it's going to take me to the new window
where I have to enter the coupon code so my coupon code is going to be like.
So let's suppose that if the New Year is here so I'm going to hit New Year New Year 2000 and 18 new
year 2000 I need you.
So since this is my coupon code OK and then I'm giving a fixed card discount like I can offer them for
fixed card.
So that means that I won them $10 discount so they buy anything.
They get $10 discount.
I can also just tell them that fix product discount like they buy anything that will be cost like coupon
amount so that the $10 will be less.
OK so now we have the person daj discount.
I basically want that the person daj discount so I wan the person daj to be like 50 percent.
OK.
So let's add this.
Now we have allow free shipping.
Check this box if coupon crowns of free shipping must be unable in your shipping zone and we quite a
fat free shipping coupon.
What this says is that if I wanted to allow the free shipping then the free shipping mentored I wanted
to enable that.
OK.
This is not here.
I want to go to the settings right here.
I want to go to this right here.
And then here I also want to add enable in the shipping.
I want to enable a ship being mentored and that will be like it requires a valid coupon code.
So I want to come here herit is
OK let's come here.
And so we have two shipping zones.
OK.
We have this and this.
I want to come here I want to hit it here.
And then here I want to just add a new shipping route.
OK shipping method or shipping rate.
So as you said this it's going to take is there and now we have to hit at a shipping mentored.
OK.
And this is going to be free shipping.
I haven't just said this ad shipping mentored and this will be right here.
OK.
So we are just giving coupons free shipping to only in Pakistan.
And then I have to hit it and the free shipping requires a valid free shipping coupon.
OK.
So if someone has a valid free shipping coupon then I'll just give him the free shipping.
So here we go.
OK.
I'm just going to hit save so you can see this is already saved.
I'm going to come here and you can see.
Check this box.
So I'm just checking this box.
And now I have to hit publish.
So if someone enters new year 2000 and 18 then he will get a 50 percent off.
And also he will be getting a free shipping method.
OK.
And then we have the usage restrictions so this means that the person has to minimums man like $10 OK.
And then he will use you can also select this debt.
This coupon will be visible to all.
They'll be appliable to only one user of IP or one user account or something like that excludes them
so you can also exclude the sale items.
OK.
You can also include a product or you can just exclude a product.
You can work the product category so to select any category that it will be applied to any of the category.
You can also just exclude any category.
And we have that e-mail restrictions like you can restrict some of the users of the e-mail to like they
cannot use this.
Then we have the usage limits.
So this is I mean that how much use is limited by a coupon.
So what this means.
How many times this coupon can be used before it's white.
So like you're giving 5000 coupons like 5000 coupons per abuse limit usage to x items.
OK.
The maximum number of individual items coupon can be applied when using a product discount leave blank
to apply to all color.
So we just want to apply to anyone.
And then we have a huge age limit.
But you user.
OK.
This means that a user can use that one.
Like if a guy has an I.D. then from that I.D. He can just use only one coupon or 10 coupons maximum.
It's not he can not go beyond that.
So this is it's going to work.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and this should
be published.
So now what we have to do is that we need to test if this is working or not.
The person the coupon code is this new year 2018 I'm going to go to site right now.
And here I want to add a product in my card.
And then after that I have to apply that coupon.
So.
So let's suppose that I liked this one.
OK.
I like this one.
I am going to just slide the Exel one.
OK.
And then I have to choose an option that will be great.
I'm going to hit too card.
This project is going to be added to my card right now and then I'm going to hit that take me to my
shopping cart.
So I'm just going to hit this and is going to pretend I was already here and I'm going to get a checkup.
So let's just go to the card first because we are going to apply the coupon here.
So I'm just going to add new year
2019.
OK.
I'm going to apply coupon and you can see this coupon will be applied.
So here you go.
You can see that a coupon has been applied but also you can see this is giving 25 50.
It has given us the 50 percent off and it is also giving the free shipping.
OK.
Which means that we we have the free shipping Stex.
It won't be applied to decs.
OK.
We have this right here.
And if I choose the country to be like Oman if my country is a man and then I come here then you can
see that the free shipping will not be here because free shipping option is not added in that country.
Oman and we haven't added in other countries like Pakistan.
We will only apply free shipping to the Pakistan users only.
That means that it would cost us a lot if someone is just using a coupon gourd.
And also we gave them the free shipping then it would cost us a lot.
So they're divided.
This is what I mean.
OK.
And then we have the 29.
This is our total and we have to proceed to checkout and it will take us to the new age we have to enter
details and we can see that everything is right here.
Our coupon code section is already created here.
OK.
So this is outworks.
So now you can see that we are totally done with the e-commerce functionality.
OK you can build so many type of website with e-commerce.
Okay I'm going to explain to you later on.
We'll move on with Step-By-Step things okay.
I going explain that.
You can also see that we have a card right here.
What is this.
If I go down you can see this is still here.
So this is the plug in that we installed Basically I showed you with the plug in is okay if you just
go to the plug and then you can see Taibu commerce stickie guard.
So this is what I mean.
So you can see everything is totally up and running and in the next video we will be working up and
the people will just create a sandbox accountable to start payments with Bell and then and also show
you that how can you accept credit cards payment.
OK so these will be done will be done with everything.
OK.
So then we will learn how to build professional based e-commerce site.
Okay.
And then we'll move forward.
So when guys and.